Staying in shape and being healthy is a huge part of who I am.
One of the things that I love the most about working at EY
is that I can pursue career opportunities
that align with my interests and the skills I want to build.
At EY, I am able to leverage flexibility
so that I can work toward my professional goals
while also training for my upcoming triathlon.
With my data analytics background in mind,
my counselor and I talked about my career aspirations.
Then, my counselor helped me find projects focused on
improving healthcare processes
using learning machines and artificial intelligence
- combining my skills and my passion.
I am due to go on an engagement to Italy soon
and I can’t wait to take the knowledge I have learned
of the broader digital health space with me.
You know, by using emerging technological solutions in the healthcare sector,
I feel a great sense of pride
as I know that the right combination of human knowledge and smart algorithms
could help reduce or eliminate chronical diseases.
I am excited about the difference I can make when I achieve my Data visualization badge,
as I will use these skills to create linkages and uncover patterns, trends and insights
that will ultimately help improve the lives of many more patients
in the rapidly evolving health sector.
I believe everyone deserves to live their “best life”;
While working at EY I have gained the skills
and found the support and the flexibility
necessary to help me achieve vitality
and allow me to pursue what is important to me both personally and professionally.